Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
For it reaches to the highest mountain. Those are communion cups from the last couple times.
I have to start picking up my stuff a little bit more. Oh, there it goes.
All four. Bummer. Is anybody here? Yeah. Father, I plead the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Father, for your angels that watch over us tonight as we pray.
Thank you, Father, that we only pray with your heart, no flesh.
Thank you, Lord. We go right into the throne, Lord. Ready? Good evening, family.
How are y'all doing today? I just wanted to come on tonight and pray with you for a little bit.
Last night when we prayed, we prayed really late to reach other parts of the world, but my heart was to pray for Australia.
We prayed for Australia, Africa, and New Zealand. The Lord was showing us a great revival coming to Australia, a fresh, new, mighty outpouring of the Spirit of God.
Then I was seeing new songs; new heavenly songs are going to start to come forth. The Lord was telling us to pull on that.
If you are a person that makes music and writes music, I believe there's going to be heavenly music given to you as you press into the Father.
You're not seeking fame or finances, but you're seeking just to worship.
I believe the Lord doesn't care if we have blessings, as long as the blessings don't have us.
I want you to know that's what the Lord was showing us: that there are new heavenly songs coming.
There are songs that we've never heard before that are going to be glorious.
Beautiful music is coming, and I would expect it right now. As we were praying last night, we saw the power grid again.
As President Trump starts doing these tariffs and sanctions, the Lord showed me attacks against the power grid: Los Angeles, the Bay Area, Chicago, and New York—these places of great populations.
The Lord told us last night we need to pray against power outages concerning cyber attacks and cyber warfare.
I don't know who would be taking care of our power grid—maybe our army or whoever is over the cyber division—to have supernatural wisdom on how to combat the attacks that are coming.
I believe they've already started. I saw Trojan horses coming in and causing disruption in our power grid in America in a greater way.
It would not just be a couple of hours of power outage; we're talking a sustained amount of power being out for maybe days.
I'm not trying to stir up fear; I'm trying to tell you it's something you should be prayerful about.
Every single thing I bring to you is to bring prayer over our nation and for our president, for Homeland Security, the FBI, and the CIA.
I just believe that there's power in prayer. Just as we saw that the man in Atlanta was going to try to do a mass shooting there and he was stopped by the authorities.
All glory to God. There was confusion in the camp, and that's what we pray: that they don't have their thoughts right when they're trying to do things like that.
He went in and his family told on him, and then all of a sudden the authorities said they believed that he was going back.
He was scoping out the area and going back to his truck to get whatever he was going to get to hurt people.
I believe this is what we're called to do. We're assembling together tonight to stop Satan's plans. Principalities work through personalities.
Weak-minded people who already have a reprobate mind and are not strong in the Word are coming in, and they're trying to grab a hold of these people that already have yielded themselves over to demonic influence.
We want to pray for a hedge of protection around our sporting events, including the World Series that starts tomorrow, Friday.
We pray over the World Series; it's best out of seven. We are praying over our college events and any kind of major event: Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and all these things.
We are praying over our economy and for President Trump. As he said, he's putting more sanctions on Russia and their oil companies, so we know what will happen with that.
I just believe this situation—you try to put people in a corner by touching their pocketbook—but I've seen an escalation of things.
I heard one pastor say, 'Oh, Brandon, we're going to stop war altogether.'Well, that goes against Matthew 24.
I'm going to line up with the Word, not with what you think. The Bible said we would have wars and rumors of wars.
We'll have plagues, pestilences, and famines. This is the beginning of sorrows, and I believe we're in that timeframe.
No matter how much we try to stop it, you're not going to stop the Bible.
The Bible stands alone, and there is no prophetic word that's going to go against the Word of God.
If it goes against the Word of God, it's not God and it's not a prophetic word; it's a false word, a false prophecy.
We know what's coming, ladies and gentlemen. The Lord said to me today while I was outside, 'Brandon, there's not enough urgency.
Again, you must tell My people I'm coming again. You must tell them that they need to have a sense of urgency about My coming.'I went over what I said to you all yesterday.
Every time I go over everything I've said to you because I don't want any prophetic confusion.
I've said a thousand times, and Paul Begley and others say, 'Brandon, you're called to be like a prophet,'but I always say I'm a watchman and I believe I have a prophetic lens.
I'm able to see, and the Lord said, 'Your main focus is to bring prayer to YouTube.
I want you to bring a massive prayer audience. I want a million-man and woman prayer army.
As you pray, you will change things and you will protect what's coming.'If they don't know Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, they're in trouble.
Is that to scare you? No, it's to prepare you. You must know the Word of God. You must understand your covenant.
I know there are a lot of Word of Faith people who believe we're not going to go through anything, saying, 'Well, brother, as long as we're the salt, we're holding back the Antichrist.'I believe wholeheartedly that we are the salt and the restrainer because the Holy Ghost is in us.
Some people believe we're going to go through the whole tribulation. I do not.
I believe that we're not appointed unto wrath, and I believe with all my heart that we'll be taken out of here before all that mess starts.
But it's not the beginning of sorrows, and I believe we're going to see some things before the Great Tribulation begins.
That's just me. I believe some of the other people in my circle believe the same way.
I'm telling you what I feel inside my spirit: the beginning, the birthing pains.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be. I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, we're going to see some stuff.
The Lord told me about what the word was, Braden. I want to say the exact word.
He said, "I'm putting in my closers."And closers are built for pressure.
Great pressure is coming. You must have a sense of urgency. What's the C-word, Braden?
I've said it a thousand times today, and my mind, when I get on these live streams, just kind of goes.
Obviously, we need to write this stuff down when He gives us these words because it's not our vocabulary.
So, just knowing that we have to be that person with the backbone, with the crowbar.
I'm trying to tell you all, the Lord's been talking to me outside while I've been cleaning and doing the things I've been doing.
He said, "You must come at this stronger, for the great harvest of souls is ahead.
For many are called, but few are chosen, for the harvest is plentiful and the labors are few."That's why I'm having the urgency of saying, Braden, having the closer.
Where we are right now in this dispensation, we're about to enter into the dispensation of judgment, but we're in grace for just this little bit of a window left.
Right now, He's calling forth His church to have some urgency to bring in the harvest.
That's why I was trying to tell you all yesterday, not that I was knocking having a hundred souls born again or having a few people getting born again, but I said, "Where is the church having major mass revival?"The Lord said to me, "Brandon, I'm waiting on the souls.
I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one."That's why I was pushing in, saying, "Lord, anoint me with a special anointing, whatever it takes to bring in the harvest like a Billy Graham in these last days to bring in the lost."If 170-some thousand people die daily and you only get a hundred people born again, I don't feel like that's great numbers.
Even if we all got a hundred people saved, we need millions of people to get saved.
I believe it's going to come through a great shaking to awaken.
Every time I pray this, He says, "Brandon, that's why I'm bringing the shaking.
Everything is going to be about a change within a 24-hour period."He keeps talking about a major change within a 24-hour period.
A major shaking is coming. Everything that we've ever known will change.
When we went to the 23rd of September, He told me, "Brandon, after this timeframe, a great acceleration will come.
A great acceleration will come from the 23rd of September, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah."He said, "Remember, as labor pains upon a woman, we see the acceleration and it's going."He said, "This would be the time of the point of no return.
It's time for the push."When I say the point of no return, I'm talking about whenever a woman can get an epidural.
There's only a certain time of the labor that you can get an epidural.
But the Lord said to me, "Brandon, we are at that point right now of the push, as labor pains, to be contenders."We must be contenders.
We must fight for what's ours. You can't lay down and just feel sorry for yourself. The Lord said, "Brandon, I'm putting in the fighters.
How bad do you want the outpouring of the Spirit of God on this last generation?"You think the devil's going to sit by and not try to put up a wall to restrain this or try to stop it?
You're going to have to contend for it. You're going to have to have a bulldog-on-a-bone type of personality that says, "I'm the one that's going to make it upstream. I'm the salmon that's going to make it upstream.
I'm going to be the one that witnesses into this earth."That's why He said, "For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few."As I observe church services and look at the pulse—and I'm not trying to pick at anybody, I'm telling you through the prophetic lens of what I'm praying over—where's the urgency in the church?
People say, "Well, Brandon, you're too harsh."As you drive down the road, the only way I can describe this to you is you can see the ones that are truly successful, the business owner versus the one that works for the one who owns the business.
Your mentality has to change, thinking bigger for these end times. How big of a soul harvest are you believing for?
If I just get one saved, folks, you've got to think bigger than that. The Lord said, "Brandon, believe bigger.
I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance."What if we had all the people who've ever been saved for the last 2,000 years all saved within a couple of years?
Greater works will you do. Think bigger. But what will it take?
Money. It takes finances. How much money does it take to get the gospel out?
Just for TV time, it takes millions of dollars. Believe big.
He's exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think. And the Lord taught me it's time to expand your capacity.
You need to think bigger for what I'm about to do in this end-time army.
You're thinking too small. If I could believe God for a million dollars, that's a lot to me.
But the Lord said, "You're thinking too small, Brandon."I thought, "Wow."For somebody who made minimum wage all their life, a million dollars will change your life.
But to somebody who's already a multimillionaire, they look at it and say, "Braden, a million dollars ain't nothing."But to somebody who hadn't had nothing, that's a lot.
And the Lord said, "You need to think bigger."That's why I drove through West Palm Beach.
He said, "Look at Billionaire Road. Enlarge your capacity to believe Me.
Think different."So when I was looking at the souls, that's what I was trying to tell you all.
When I was looking at the souls and things, you see Rodney Howard-Browne, he has big altar calls, and you see Billy Graham, but you don't see a lot of people having big altar calls anymore.
Very seldom do you even see anybody—I go to a lot of churches and you don't see very many altar calls with even one or two people getting saved.
I thought that's a shame. There has to be more. Because that's what He said when He's touching the doorknob.
I looked at Him in the vision and I saw Jesus, and He said, "I'm waiting on My Father's instruction to tell Me to come and get you."And I asked the Father, and it was thunderous.
He said, "Brandon, you help Me bring in the harvest and I'll come and get you.
That's all you're waiting on is a major outpouring."So I thought, "What brings in the harvest?"My mind has just been turning because once you've experienced the glory one time—I'm not picking at anybody, but I'm looking for authentic.
People say they've been to heaven, they've done this, they've done that.
I'm looking for authentic. I want the presence when you're talking.
If you say you've seen my Father, if you say you've seen my Jesus, is there a presence on you when you talk about it?
Because when I'm telling you what I've been in front of, in his presence there's fullness of joy.
In his presence, there's fullness of love. And I'm telling you, the glorious church will rise out of it.
When you say you have an impartation from my Father, there should be fruit.
I want to see fruit. I don't want to just hear words. I don't want to hear just a story.
I want to see the glory. And I believe the people who walk with him are going to display glory.
When you say that, I want to see glory on your face. I want to look upon his face.
With one touch, with one breath, it'll change you forever. When you just behold his face, it will change you forever.
You'll never be the same. A real radical touch from Jesus; you'll never be the same.
It's that fire that never burns out; it's the water that never runs dry. Do you understand?
And when you say you've seen him—whenever I've seen somebody who's authentically had an encounter with him, because I believe I have—it changes you.
It makes you hungry. It makes you desperate. There's nothing more that you want other than just to get away from this world and go, 'How can I be with you?'There's nothing more.
I don't care who you are. One touch, one drink, and you'll become addicted. Other than that, I question if you're authentic or not.
I question you because I know when you touch it and you drink it, it changes you forever.
And that's whenever he tells me, and I see it and I had these experiences with him.
He says, 'Brandon, I'm coming.'And I'm like, 'There's nothing I want more.
You couldn't offer me a fleet of Ferraris. You couldn't offer me a fleet of yachts. Jesus is all you want.
Once you taste the glory, once you taste his presence, once you look upon his face, once you look into his eyes, there's nothing more you ever want.
I remember he looked at me and he said, 'Brandon, are you willing to die for me?
Are you willing to lay down your life for the cause if I ask you to?'Oh God, you ask so much.
But yes, of course, whatever it takes to get this gospel out, Lord.
Charlie Kirk, no matter how you get the threats, how many people try to come against you and tell you they want to hurt you, they want to do things to you, I have a family to protect, but at the same time, I know that all the disciples died other than one by martyrdom.
What did it take to get the gospel out 2,000 years ago? What pressure?
How much of a sacrifice? Why were they so radical? They had walked with him. They had been with him for three years. Do you understand?
Once they tasted the glory, once they experienced the presence of God, they were willing to lay everything down for the cause of Christ.
That's somebody who's truly seen him and truly been with him because there's nothing else that matters.
I try to tell you all this because there's coming a point in time that the pressure is coming.
He said the olive pressure—like olives—he said the pressure is coming on my church, Brandon, and the oil will flow.
A new Holy Ghost oil will flow, but it's coming out of pressure in Canada, in America, in England, China, Europe, South America.
Most people are in La La Land. They don't look at what's coming.
And he told me a great shaking's coming, and most people don't want to hear it.
I caught wind of some of this last week. We don't want to hear that.
Well, you need to hear it because it's coming whether you like it or not.
You're not going to stop it. I told you you must pray; a plague's coming.
I told you a plague worse than COVID on steroids is coming. Most people don't want to hear that.
Am I trying to scare you? No. I'm trying to prepare you way in advance.
Does it have to affect you in your house? No. Do you hear me? No. What is Psalm 91?
'A thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand, but it will not come nigh me.'No pestilence, no plagues, no nothing will come nigh me.
Psalm 23: 'Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.
Why? Because his rod and his staff comfort me. He prepares a table before me in the presence of all my enemies.
My cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy follow me.'I just believe that God's able to do what he said he would do.
And when you become fully persuaded like Abraham, I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised, he's able also to perform it.
And he said he'd give his angels charge over me to bear me up in their hands, lest I dash my foot against a stone.
So I'm not afraid of any plagues. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord regardless of where I'm at in life.
I still believe a thousand bullets fall at my side and ten thousand on my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me, my wife, and my children.
I anoint my head with oil, my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy follow me. I just believe that he is my provider.
And regardless of economic crisis, regardless of what I've told you, a 1930s-style crash is coming—one worse than what we had before 100 years ago.
'Oh, Brandon, now you're really freaking me out.'I said one that's worse than you can ever comprehend is what I have seen multiple times as I pray.
But the Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm giving you a window for a financial blessing for my people who prayed last year at this time when we were interceding for the election.'He said, 'I'm giving you a longer window.
I'm giving you a space of time to get your house in order, to get your boat ready for a major shaking to awaken is coming.'And that's what's been stirring in me today.
I've been praying over it, interceding for the harvest. He said, 'For I'm bringing a shaking to awaken for a harvest, for they're all asleep.'Most of my church and most people go, 'Well, I don't believe that.
I'm charismatic.'Are you the only one in the church? Why is it always about the charismatics?
Why is it always about the Word of Faith people? We're the church. You're blind and you're full of pride.
There's Baptists, there's Methodists, there's Catholics, there's Church of Christ.
They all love the Lord. They just have different doctrine than you do.
I'm trying to tell you there's all kinds of believers and God is calling all of us to be assembled as one body.
And he said, 'I'm bringing down all the tents and you will operate as one body, radically born again, excited about my soon return.'And it's not going to be, 'Well, I speak in tongues, you don't; you're Catholic, this'—I mean them all.
But I'm going to tell you what we all have in common is we love Jesus.
That's why I say I don't like religion; I just want a relationship. And people get upset about that.
'Why did you say you don't like religion?'Because religious tents—this is what I'm talking about.
'Well, you're this, you're that'—who cares. Let's just have a heart for Jesus.
I said a great shaking is coming to the Catholic Church, a radical shaking, and there will be a great revival.
And then he showed me that he was correcting the LDS and a great shaking was coming to the LDS and there would be a splitting of the church.
And he said he's correcting wrong doctrine, for it's a cult.
And he said, "Brandon, I'm going to correct it, but I'm going to visit them because there's hungry people in there and they're good people, just because they have false doctrine in some things."He said, "Brandon, I'm going to shake that church and a great revival will come forth out of it and there'll be a separation."A lot of people don't want to hear that, but this is what he said.
"I'm going to correct some things in the LDS and the Mormons, and I'm going to correct this because it's false doctrine, and I'm going to shake it and there'll be a great revival and I'm going to save those people.
There's good people there; they're just blinded by things."That might step on some people's toes that go to church there, but I'm trying to tell you what the Lord said.
And he said a great revival will come forth out of it and I will save many.
He said, "I'm going after the transgenders. I'm going after the homosexuals. I'm going after the ones in the way-back fields, Brandon.
I'm going to have a radical move of God; a radical move of my presence is going to come on all these.
I'm going to pour out my spirit upon all flesh and a great shaking, a great repentance, turning back to God, is coming, preaching righteousness and holiness back in the church."You see, you're believing for America to change, but America won't change until the pulpits change.
People don't want to hear it, but a great shaking is coming. It won't be skinny jeans and fog machines; it will be Holy Ghost.
Real Holy Ghost. He's going to shake the church. And I told you I saw fires on the pews. I saw the church bells ringing.
He said, "I'm going to ring the church bells one last time,"a major calling the people to come forth.
He asked, "What did the church bells ring for?"So I started looking it up.
It was for signs for major events that were taking place: for weddings, funerals, things like that. But it was symbolic.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to shake with the church bells again throughout the land."It's symbolic.
But the church pews will be filled with fire and I saw babies all outside.
And he said, "Be patient with my babies, church, for you were once a baby.
Be patient with my babies. I'll hold you accountable for how the church treats them.
How will you treat my babies when they come?"They all had soiled diapers and I saw those Leave it to Beaver mothers gathering the babies and they were spoon-feeding them one at a time, feeding those babies, and they were out there and they were crying and they looked like the babies off of that old cartoon thing—I hate to say it was Roger Rabbit—that baby with the curlicue hair.
And the Lord said to me, "Do you see those babies? Be patient with them.
For you were once a baby and people were patient with you some of the time. You must be patient with the babies. They're coming.
Holy Ghost Woodstock's coming, a glorious church, a glorious outpouring with brush arbor churches."And I thought it was awesome because Sister Billy during the tent revival brought up a group called Homestead Pickers.
It was a banjo player; he was up there and he talked about what a brush arbor church was and how they used to have old brush arbor churches in Missouri, in the Branson area, and they would cut the wood and they would make a place for church and they'd play their banjos and they would have baptisms in the creek and the Holy Spirit would move and they'd have Pentecostal prayer.
I'm telling you, it's coming back. Great revival's coming.
Holy Spirit has moved in here big time. The presence of the Lord has invaded my house.
Wow. You felt it when it shifted, son? I can feel it. It's all over me.
Fires all over my body. But he's giving one last call to y'all.
I stand as a watchman to warn you. He's dissatisfied. I want you to hear me.
He's dissatisfied with the hunger of the church right now at his return.
He's dissatisfied with the urgency of the church right now.
He said, "I'm dissatisfied. I'm fed up with it. They're not ready, son.
I have no choice for what's coming."Oh, Lord, I don't want to hear that.
He said, "I don't have a choice anymore. I'm out of time. I'm out of time."And what is coming will shake the most.
And there'll be a great falling away with a lot of them. A lot of them will say this is an Ichabod.
I need you to hear me. A lot of them will say what's about to take place in this earth will be like an Ichabod.
But it is not. It's a shaking to awaken. "I will never leave you and I will never forsake you, Brandon.
I'm shaking the people awake."They'll be like, "What? What's going on?
Where did God go? Why am I going through this? How come?"Because he has to get your attention. He doesn't want anybody to perish.
Do you know the ark door's closing and Noah was up there yelling over and over, "Hey, the flood's coming!
Hey, the flood's coming!""Haha, you're an idiot. It's never rained before.
What are you talking about, fool? It's never rained before.""Hey, the flood's coming.
You better get on the boat."And everybody looked at that old Noah; he's an old nut, isn't he?
Crazy old guy. As in the days of Noah, so will it be, remember.
But God said, "I'm willing to shake them so that they'll see even more what's coming."For I wish that none...
this is the grand finale. This is it. This is the grand finale.
Do you understand? This is the big fireworks show. This is it. The point of no return.
You say, "Well, I've heard this before."How long did Noah tell everybody, too?
"Ah, I've heard it before, Brandon."It's coming until the hand shuts that door and it's over.
Get ready. I'm trying to warn you again. I've felt such an urgency all day today as I've been praying.
I said, "Where is the urgency in my church, Brandon, about my return?
Where are the people calling out for repentance to warn them that the Son is coming, that the tribulation is at hand?"Many false people, many false prophets, many false doctrines, many for there to deceive many will try to come.
That's why I try to be so watchful over what I put out here because I don't want to be ever accused of that.
You sit there and you say, "Listen, all I can tell you is I have an urgency to warn you that Jesus is coming every single time I come on here because I have these visitations."And he says, "Pray and warn my people."I say, "Okay,"giving them an opportunity to get born again, which I'm about to do before we start to pray.
If you don't know my friend Jesus—you may know a lot about him, but does he know you?
You're hearing all that I'm saying right now and you feel that inward tug at your heart right now and you're feeling that stirring and you're going, "Brandon, I don't know, boy.
I feel like I'm going to come up out of my skin."It's because the Holy Spirit is drawing you right now, telling you you better get on the right side of things.
If you don't know, my friend, if you don't have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, tonight's your night.
Well, I don't know about that. I'll wait. It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, to do whatever you're going to do tonight, the undertaker might be taking them off that evening.
No man is promised tomorrow. You could die tonight in your sleep.
You could die whatever. But I believe with long life they'll satisfy. But if he calls me home, we go home. You understand?
I want you to always have the mindset that no one's promised tomorrow and that you need Jesus Christ to make it.
I want you to think about this: if you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
Would you spend eternity in hell or would you spend eternity in heaven?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. Where will you spend eternity if you were to die today?
Well, I don't believe that. It doesn't change anything. I don't care about what you believe.
What's the truth is the word of God. And no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn.
But without Jesus Christ, no one can be born again. You must know Jesus. You must have a relationship with him.
So if you're here today and you used to be on fire for the Lord, you used to have a relationship with him.
You used to be excited about being a Christian, but you've fallen away from it.
You don't want to have anything to do with it anymore. But tonight, you're watching and you're going, 'You know what?
I need to get my life right.'I believe it's not a coincidence that you're here.
I believe that same Holy Spirit that drew you the first time and you walked away from him.
He's never turned his back on you. You turned your back on him. It's just like the prodigal son.
He went up, got all his father's inheritance, spent it all, was there and busted and disgusted, broke in the pit with the pigs and going, 'Man, if I could just go back to my father's house and be a servant there, maybe he would accept me back.'But his father was waiting with a robe and ready to kill the fatted calf.
The moment he turned away from what he was doing, he turned away from the pit to go back to his father and said, 'Listen, I welcome you home.'His father was waiting.
Kill the fatted calf. Let's have a celebration. My son's home.
So that's where our Father is tonight. He's ready to kill the fatted calf.
He's ready to celebrate you. He's always been there, ready.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need. He's there with his arms wide open.
The moment you confess your sins is not when the Lord found out about it, it's when you got rid of it.
Remember that. So, I want you to just say this prayer with me.
If I'm talking to you and you want to get born again tonight, you hear what I'm talking about, this urgency of where we are right now and you want Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I believe that today is your day for salvation. I believe that today is your day to turn your back on the world and Satan and all evil works and come to Jesus just as you are.
'Oh, he'll never want me. No, no, no, no.'It doesn't matter what you've done.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over it. His blood washes all of it.
The moment you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
But you've got to confess it and you've got to get real with God.
And the moment you get real with God, God will become real to you. Don't think religious, think relationship. I need you.
So if that's you, I want you to put in the comment section down below, 'Tonight, I want to be saved.'Even if it's just one of you, I'm stretching the net out and I'm believing for a big harvest altogether.
I'm looking for a lot of you to come to Jesus tonight. But I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.'And if you're coming to Jesus, I want to say a simple prayer with you right now before we go to my intercessory prayer time.
We'll see what the Lord has to show us about what's coming in the future.
But I want you to give your heart to Jesus right now. Don't wait one more minute.
Don't wait. So, I want to say a prayer with you. It's just a simple prayer.
A five-year-old could say this. It doesn't have to be all religious.
It's just something from the heart. Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe you're seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I ask you to forgive me of my sins. I ask you to wash me and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Jesus, from this day forward, I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my past. And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I thank you that you forgive me. Thank you, Lord, that you've washed me with your precious blood.
Thank you, Lord, that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Write my name in there, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. I'll serve you forevermore.
And if I mess up, Lord, I'll be quick to repent and keep running back to you.
I love you, Jesus. And I thank you for what you did for me today. Amen and amen.'It's easy.
Now, to be a Christian is not hard, but sometimes, you know, the pressures of life try to knock you down.
But this is what happens when you fall down. You run to God when you sin.
You don't run away from him. You run to him. Your sin is none of the devil's business anymore.
You belong to Jesus and say, 'Jesus, I need your help. I can't do this on my own.
I've fallen and I need help again.'So, you just keep going to the Father and you find scriptures.
I want you to get a Bible. You read your Bible every day and you pray and you come here and pray with us.
It's easy. You find a Bible-believing church, I'd say a non-denominational church. That's where I would go. Diana, my wife, would go.
We go to a non-denominational church, and tell them, 'I need to be water-baptized.'Get water-baptized there and get plugged in there.
Go on your Wednesdays and your Sundays or whatever kind of Bible study they may have, whatever.
Get plugged in there. It might be a Thursday, Friday, Saturday, whatever.
Go get plugged in. Get excited about this new life. You just accepted Jesus Christ.
No, you need to understand what you did and become radically born again.
Radical. And you may say, 'Brandon, I can't afford a Bible. I don't have a Bible.
Could you help me get a Bible?'Well, my wife and I would want to celebrate your decision tonight of you giving your heart to Jesus Christ.
And we will give you a Bible absolutely free. It'll be a New King James Version or King James or probably Amplified or something.
I want you to tell us in the description down below. There's an email address down there.
You email that email address and say in the headline, 'I got born again watching you and I would like to have my free Bible.'We'll send it to you from Amazon and you'll get it probably within a couple of days when Diana can get caught back up.
We were gone to Branson at the prayer conference. So, we're a little behind, but I want to tell you, we will get it to you.
But we want to celebrate your decision tonight to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
And we just want to rejoice and be thankful. And so, God bless you and your decision that you made today.
Well, how many? Did anybody get born again? 73. 73 salvations so far. That's wonderful.
And so, I'm just believing God, you know, every single time we do this. 100, but I'm believing for bigger.
I'm believing for millions of people to understand where we are right now with the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
He's coming and I don't want anybody to go to hell. Hell was not made for man; it was made for the devil and his demons.
It wasn't made for us, but you choose to go there. And so many of you tonight, 70-some people accepted Jesus Christ.
48 minutes. Thanks be—well, let's take communion and we'll pray for a little bit.
All right. I hope every time we do these it stirs you. It causes urgency inside of you to know where we are right now.
Be contenders. Thank you, Father, for your body that was broken for us.
Thank you, Father, for this great nation. Thank you, Lord, that we're healed by your stripes.
Lord, we take this body in the name of Jesus. And we're so grateful that you died for every single one of us.
Father, what you bore in your body, we need not bear in our own.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
We have been redeemed from the curse. I am not under the curse; Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health; for poverty, wealth; for Christ has ransomed me.
Do you believe that today? I am healed, whole, and well by the blood of my Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for taking it on your back. Thank you, Lord, that by your stripes I am healed.
No sickness, no disease, no cancer, no diabetes, no heart disease, or whatever else is in this fallen world.
Father, I believe that we are healed, whole, and well, and we are not under the curse of the law; Jesus has set us free.
Thank you, Lord. Christ paid the price of the broken law. He paid the price for me and for you.
Thank you, Father. I thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, Father.
We give you all praise and glory for all that you have done for us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we hear you, and a stranger's voice we will not follow, in Jesus'name.
Now we take the blood, we apply the blood, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We confessed our sins tonight, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our households, over this room, over my wife and my children, over my finances, over my dog, and over the doorposts and windows of my house.
The angels of the Lord are around us. The angels of the Lord ensure that no witchcraft, no incantation, no enchantment, nothing comes near us.
Father, the blood covers us. I thank you, Lord, for the blood.
The angels of the Lord are encamped around us, Father, and no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
I thank you, Lord, that when we put our heads on the pillow, we sleep soundly, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Our life is dedicated and consecrated unto you. Father, we thank you for the blood that covers us.
When we see, Father, we hear your voice and we won't be snared by any demonic spirits. We plead the blood over us, Father.
When you show us things to come, we hear you and we apply the blood over our spiritual eyes. We apply the blood over us, Father, and we thank you, Lord.
With great boldness, we decree and declare, for we believe that we arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon us tonight.
And we take this blood in Jesus'name. Amen. You might say, 'Well, Brandon, that was different.'Well, yeah.
I am not religious; I am about relationship. I told you, I don't do what traditional church does.
I believe in having a relationship with Jesus Christ. All the other stuff is just bologna to me.
I want to see fruit. The Bible says you will know them by their fruits.
As my son, Brandon, said, people are always trying to change the fruit, but they have to change the root first.
The fruit won't change until you change the root. Sometimes you have to do a root transplant. You have to pluck it out if it is not bearing fruit.
It's like the fig tree that was not growing fruit; Jesus cursed it and it dried up from the root.
If it isn't growing fruit, we need to pluck it up and plant something else. Believe God for a change in our lives.
I am tired of being 'church normal'; I want to be 'church unusual.'I want to see the manifestation of the glory.
I want to go to healing services, like when I go to see my friend Billy, and see the glory and people's lives radically changed.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord; I want to see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glory.
Pour out your power and love as we sing, 'Holy, holy, holy.'Thank you, Lord, for your presence.
Father, in your presence there is fullness of joy. In the presence of Jehovah, troubles vanish and hearts are mended.
I may not know all the words every time, but I make a joyful noise unto the Lord.
Everybody says, 'Well, you mess up on some words.'Yeah, I probably do, but I make a joyful noise unto the Lord.
It's not for you; it's for him, because he inhabits my praises.
That is what brings in the river. There is a river that flows, and I tap into it through worship.
You don't come into the throne room rude; he is a king. Although I am able to go in boldly before the throne, I still go in with respect.
Even as a child, I honor the position. I can go right up to him because he is my Father, but I honor him.
He is worthy and holy, and he deserves reverence. We give you all the glory, praise, and honor.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever. You are great; you do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
I just love his presence. Brandon, this is the part I can spend time in.
There is no one else like you. When praises go up, the blessings come down.
For I believe in miracles; I have seen a soul set free. Miraculous, the changing one redeemed through Calvary.
I have seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God. I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
Thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord, for we believe, Father, in miracles.
We believe that there's nothing too big for You today, that there's an expiration date to every one of our problems.
No matter how much we are going through in our day-to-day life, You have an expiration date for it.
There is nothing too big for You, Jesus. If it's a hangnail or a cancer, nothing is too big.
Nothing's too big, nothing's too small; Jesus paid the price for it all.
We believe today that Jesus Christ is a healer. We believe today that Jesus Christ is a redeemer.
We believe today that Jesus Christ is our deliverer. We have overcome him by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
Thank You, Father. Thank You, Father. Now, Lord, we enter in tonight and pray and go tubing.
Who wants to go tubing? Say in the comment section. I always say as we go down the lazy river, you can go praying with me.
Who wants to go tubing tonight? Let's go praying. How many are here right now?
Okay, still the same. All right, ready? Oh, Father, we just worship You.
You lead, we follow. We just lose sight of ourselves, Father.
We just come before You boldly into Your throne room. We enter in by praise and thanksgiving, and we just love You.
All the other stuff just melts off of us. Our cares take the care out of our prayer.
Be careful for nothing; that's what the Bible says. We will not be careful about anything, but we take the care out of our prayer.
And we thank You, Father, that tonight, no matter how much we see going on in this world, no matter how much we see going on in our households, or financially, or our marriages, or our children, or our unsaved loved ones, we know that just like You care for the sparrows of the air and the lilies of the field, Father, how much more do You care for us?
You know all the needs. You know every hair on my head and the ones'lack thereof. You know how much I need.
You know whatever I need; You said in Your word, Father, that You took care of it all way before I'd even asked for it.
You knew it. You knew what I need. But Father, we just take our time and we just worship You tonight.
And we're not worried about any of it. We have no anxiety about any of it because we're totally confident.
We're fully persuaded that what God has promised, He's able also to perform.
You have to understand that what God has promised—Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but he was fully persuaded that what God has promised, He's able also to perform.
Fully persuaded. You can't talk him out of it, even in the deadness of Sarah's womb.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, that whatever we can help You with, whatever we need to pray, what's on Your heart, what's going on right now in the world—there's something we're going to stop or warnings of what's to come.
Father, we yield. We thank You, Lord, that we hear You, Father, instantaneously.
We're going to pray for Pam. We lift up Pam Bondi before You, that no weapon formed against her will prosper.
We put a bloodline around and about her in the name of Jesus, around Alex Jones, around Tucker Carlson.
We put a bloodline around her that she'd be able to nail this case closed for every plan, every plot, every pursuit on her life.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are round and about these people in Jesus'name.
Over Eric Trump, over Don Jr., over Ivanka, and over Barron and Tiffany, and over Melania and over Kai.
We plead the blood of Jesus over the Trump family, especially the ones that You, Lord, put on my heart to pray for even more.
I cover his children. I cover his grandchildren. And I thank You, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at their side, and over him, over President Trump.
And the Lord said, 'Bring JD Vance into it also and his family.'Father, I thank You.
And the Supreme Court justices, over our senators, over the list.
We call it an uncovering over every demonic plot, over every plan, over every pursued person that has a hit list on their life—over this, like a bounty.
We say in the name of Jesus, it's exposed and brought to justice, that there will be no person that gets their life taken by any kind of warrant or bounty.
It's not a warrant; I'm talking about a bounty, it's like a way they try to get paid for it.
We pray a hedge of protection, and Father, I thank You that all hidden things be revealed.
And I call a radical conversion into Alex Jones and to Tucker Carlson.
I call a Holy Ghost and fire over them in the name of Jesus, that they would be radical voices for the Lord Jesus Christ.
And the same for the other guy that has the bald head that has a talk show.
You know who I'm talking about—he has that talk show; he smoked cigars. Sean Ryan? Joe Rogan. Joe.
We pray over Joe Rogan, and we call radical conversions even into Joe Rogan.
We thank You, Lord, that the Holy Ghost and fire would move on these men.
And Father, that they would be the loudest voice pieces of the end-time harvest that we would ever comprehend. Father, they would be radical for Jesus. Radical.
We thank You for supernatural visitations and manifestations in the midnight hour, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
We call for Satan to let go of them. And we say that the blinders that have been on their eyes be removed and that they would see clearly the plan that God has for their life.
And it's to be born again, for one, and radically converted into Jesus Christ.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for a radical salvation in Jesus'name. In the midnight hour, they'll have this.
I thank You, Lord, for angelic visitations and manifestations of the glory in their households.
Thank You, Lord. I have to really focus on His face right now.
I can't be distracted. We call revival into Hollywood. We call the Kardashians born again.
We call the Kardashians born again. We call Kanye West—those demonic spirits that are controlling him, you let him go. I see it deep.
Remember to watch for the celebrity that will come out and preach a universal gospel, that there's more ways to the Father than Jesus Christ.
There's a celebrity that will come. But there's only one way to the Father, and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's no other way. I don't care what they say. I don't care how popular they are.
If they preach there's more than one way to the Father, run. The only way to the Father is through the Lord Jesus Christ.
No other way. You need to know this. There's coming great deceptions concerning this.
The Lord just said there'll be celebrities that will come out as Christian in the days ahead.
We're on the cusp of it. You need to hear me, for your young people will be prey to this.
They'll come out and the Christians will embrace them, and it'll be so, 'Oh, yes, yes, yes.'But they're a Trojan horse.
Don't judge them, brother. No, I'm trying to tell you, you'll know them by their fruits.
And the moment they say, 'I'm a Christian,'the church will embrace it so quickly.
But the Bible says, 'Know those that labor amongst you.'I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'Know those that labor amongst you.'Don't be so quick.
Watch, for they will start off great—Christian everything—but then they'll start preaching a universal gospel.
There's more than one way, then, to the Father other than Jesus?
We have to accept all faiths and religions? It's false. Buddha didn't die for you.
Muhammad didn't die for you. The devil surely didn't die for you.
The only one that died for you is Jesus Christ, and he rose again on the third day.
You must know this. Scientology, all of it is false. It's so important that you understand this.
There's only one way to the Father, and that is the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's no universal gospel. Multiple ways? No, it's a lie.
This is a doctrine of demons. Run. But that's what they'll come out as.
There are very famous individuals that are coming. It's like a Trojan horse to the Christian camps.
Many young people, the devil will try to deceive you with this.
But you say, 'Oh, Brandon, you can't be so quick to judge them.'Know those that labor amongst you.
Know them by their fruits. Don't be deceived. I'm not telling you to judge them; I'm trying to tell you to watch them.
Be careful. Be watchful. Be smart. Pray for them. Uplift them, because there's going to be a lot of celebrities that are really on fire for Jesus.
I'm trying to tell you, it'll be a mixed bag because the Lord already told me a major move of God is coming in Hollywood.
But now he's warning about this; you need to hear. So, there's a major move that's authentic, and then there's a false one that you need to watch both sides for.
There will be great deception in this with the authentic move.
So just be watchful and have wisdom concerning what God's about to do in Hollywood.
It's so important, what I'm saying. A revival in professional sports is coming.
A revival in the NBA is coming. A revival in the NFL is coming in a greater way than we've ever seen before.
It's going to be radical. It's going to be radical conversions to the Lord Jesus Christ in sports, even greater.
And in the country music arena, a greater move of God, going back to the first love.
Many of them get into celebrity and they get pulled away, but they have roots of Christian faith.
A lot of country folks, the Lord's going to bring them back to their first love.
I see Katy Perry's face before me. Well, I see a demon there. It's influenced, yielded over like a selling of the soul.
But there's no one too far gone. I hear the Lord; he's calling her back home. But great rebellion is there, and we need to break that off.
The Lord says he wants to do something in this young woman, but she feels too far gone, too.
There are blinders upon her. We thank you, Lord, that the blinders are moving off right now. That's what I'm talking about.
We're going to move them off, like in Ephesians, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened, for Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
I've never seen that much darkness before. You know, when you can see the outline of the human, and I go into the depth of that... I'll describe to you what I see.
It's a hairy-looking devil, and it looks like a Bigfoot or a woolly mammoth in the core of this, and it has two horns sticking right up off its head, and that's what's behind her.
That young woman, how do you know all this? She bothered me. But the Lord said that does not matter.
We're praying into that. We thank you, Lord, that she's free.
We thank you, Lord, that she has a radical conversion back to you, like that prodigal son.
Not only, Father, that you'll do it, but it'll be a quick work.
No more delays for that family; no more delays. Use her for the end-time harvest.
We call her to have an experience in the midnight hour with the Holy Ghost and fire.
No matter how much she's dedicated herself to the devil, we call a breaking of things off her, taking those scales and blinders off right now in the name of Jesus.
I see it so clearly. For the ones influencing around her, Father, even if it is rock bottom, shake her so she does not miss the boat.
And what's interesting is it's the same thing that's behind Kanye.
But the one behind him now is more than one. There's that one, and I see this one...
So many people are in so much pain, all for the price of fame. They turn themselves over for fame.
I see so much darkness there. There's one strongman and two behind, and they all look like woolly mammoths.
What's interesting is the eyes are glassed, like ski goggles.
They're mirrored. He has mirrored ski goggles on his eyes that are frosted.
There are frosted glasses on Kanye that look like big, mirrored ski goggles, and he can't see out of them.
He is completely blacked out with these. It's almost like you took silver spray paint to his ski goggles.
That's how clear that vision is. Chicago. Now I see Justin. Justin—and I'll probably say his last name—Bieber is not beaver.
Whatever. I see his face, and he's under great pressure. I see distress upon this young man concerning his marriage and his decision.
He is at a fork in the road. Great decisions he has to make. I see a forked road, and I see him going to the left or to the right.
It's either good decisions or bad decisions. Narrow is the way, Justin. This way is fire.
If this young man goes down this road, there's fire, hell, and demons dancing.
But I see the cross and the way. Go this way. This way won't be popular for your career, but this is the way you should go.
I see this other way, like with Lil Nas X and some of these ones that have dedicated their heart to the devil; this way is very dark and I see fire.
Wide is the gate. This is the bad way. Don't go this way. It will look more inviting, but I'm praying for them.
He's come to the point of a great decision even concerning his marriage.
Trouble in the home. We call for refreshing. The only way you're ever going to get this is by Jesus.
We call for refreshing over this young man. Take him back to the heart, even greater.
Father, restore everything the cankerworm has ever eaten.
And we thank you, Lord, for a fresh presence, a fresh fire on his home, a fresh glory, and a fresh presence of the Lord.
Father, I thank you. You become more real to him than ever before. Fan that flame, Lord.
Fan that flame in his wife and in him, and let them know who the suckers and the authentic friends are.
It's so important; there's a lot of suckers because of the name trying to ride coattails.
I see a lot of suckers; they are there just to mooch off of it. They don't really care about you, but they're just there to suck off of you.
Isn't that interesting? I see these people and it's so clear.
Isn't this interesting tonight, son? The Lord shows me this so clearly about this young man.
He said, 'There's a lot of suckers there, but these people will fall off if you just follow the Holy Ghost and follow the presence of the Lord.
They're just there for the ride.'The Lord said, 'Now it's time to go a different direction.'We pray over the pastors of the churches that they stir themselves up and get ready for what's about to come.
We pray over Mel Gibson and this movie, 'The Passion of the Christ 2,'in the name of Jesus. We call a Holy Ghost and fire on the set.
For every demonic spirit that is coming against him, we come against you in the name of Jesus.
We'll have revival; we'll have it in the Holy Ghost and fire in the theaters.
And Father, I thank you that a great harvest of souls will come from this movie in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, and every plot of wickedness against him—Father, we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are resting around and about him.
Father, he will finish strong. He will live long and finish strong, doing all that you've called him to do, even as he lost his home to the fire.
I thank you, Lord. Father, it's refining. Do you hear this? Refining.
There's refining and there is a great move because the devil knows what he's about to do.
So we undergird him and we pray for protection around him in the name of Jesus—every plan, every plot of wickedness that is surrounding him to try to take him out.
We protect him in the name of Jesus. You know, it was ignorant for me to say that about Jim Caviezel because I had no idea.
You can't bring somebody 56 years old to play a 30-some-year-old Jesus, okay?
It would look bad, and I thought about it after so many people said, 'Brandon, don't you know that?'Well, that's my ignorance.
So, we need a younger Jesus for a younger generation, for a younger movie. Too many years have gone by.
So, we pray that the next Jesus character that operates in this movie will be better than what we had for the first one.
Why not? Don't be stuck in the past. 2003 was a long time ago—2004, whatever it was.
Well, this generation, 20 years later, we're going to have a better Jesus, a better actor for this generation.
In my mind, I thought, 'Well, we have to have the same one.'No, let's have a younger one. That's good. From Sweden, whatever.
And so I thought, 'Why not pray for him that God would anoint him for such a time as this and that the Holy Ghost and fire would be on him even greater than on the first one?'Because I'm telling you, the first movie was moving and it was life-changing.
'The Passion of the Christ'was amazing. Whenever I was taken to the crucifixion and the Lord took me out of my body and showed me what he went through, he told me, 'Brandon, what do you not understand?
By my stripes, you were healed.'When he showed that to me and showed me what he went through, Mel Gibson's interpretation of what he went through was identical to what I saw whenever the Lord took me to his crucifixion.
He let me see what he went through. He said, 'By my stripes, you're healed.'When you believe in that like you did your salvation, it's the same faith.
People don't realize how much of a miracle it is to say you're born again.
When he said he took all your sins on the cross and he became sin for you, he also became sickness for you.
It takes the same amount of faith—faith of a mustard seed to move a mountain.
But you believe in salvation so easily, even though you can't see it.
'What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.'It's the same.
The same blood that washed you white as snow from your sin is the same blood that washes you and makes you whole.
Jesus Christ paid the price for your sin, sickness, disease, poverty, and lack. He paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And that's why he said, 'Brandon, when you believe in healing as much as you do salvation...'He said, 'Could anybody talk you out of salvation?'I said, 'No, I'd fight them if they came up to me and said, 'Brandon, you're not saved.
In fact, if you die today, Brandon, you're going to hell.'I would fight them.'I know I'm born again; you can't convince me any other way.
I know that Jesus Christ saved my soul. And he said, 'The same way you believe that is the same way you need to believe in healing.
The way you believe in salvation is the way you need to believe in healing.
It takes the same faith.'Well, you're sick and the doctor gives you a bad report? No, I believe I'm healed. By his stripes, I am healed.
He was wounded for my transgressions, he was bruised for my iniquities, the chastisement of my peace was upon him, and with his stripes I am healed. It's the same faith. I believe.
And that's when the Lord said when you believe it like that and you're a bulldog about it—'I'm fully persuaded that I'm healed, I'm fully persuaded that I'm saved'—he said, 'That's where the manifestation is.'No one can talk you out of your salvation.
I am that strong about it; you cannot talk me out of it. He said the same thing applies.
You don't know the symptoms of sin. Even if you fall down, we all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
That's what he tried to show me: 'Brandon, even whenever you mess up, you might not realize the wages of sin is death.'But you look at all the things that you go through in the day—the temptations, the thoughts, everything—but you still believe regardless of the thoughts you have.
Regardless of how you acted—if you say a bad word or do whatever—it's all sin. Sin is sin. There's no sin meter.
You might say, 'Well, one sin is greater than another sin, Brandon.'No, sin is sin, but it's all been washed by the blood of Jesus. By grace you are saved through faith, and I receive it.
Even if I mess up and stub my toe and say a bad word or something stupid, or you think a lustful thought or act in anger, it's sin, but I still believe I'm saved even if I mess up.
And that's what he said: 'You can't talk yourself out of it.'He said, 'Do you talk yourself out of it because you have a symptom?'Well, you're overcoming this.
You might cough? I'm still healed. 'Well, it doesn't look like you're healed, Brother Brandon.
You've had a snotty nose and a cough for a couple of days, but you're still taking communion saying you're healed.'Yes, I'm determined.
I know. I'm fully persuaded. No matter if my flesh says it or not, I'm healed.
I might not have the full manifestation of the result I'm looking for yet, but I'm still healed regardless.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm still healed.
Well, you're still coughing. Your throat was sore. Well, I'm still healed.
Well, I may have stubbed my toe and said a bad word. I'm still saved.
I may have fallen short. The moment I confess it, it's washed. Do you understand? It's the same thing.
But you're fully persuaded that you're born again the moment you confess it, and Jesus lives on the inside of you and I'm going to heaven.
It's the same thing as what he said. I'm born again. I'm free. I'm healed. I'm fully persuaded.
No matter if my flesh acts like it or not, even if I have a bad attitude and get angry, pastor so-and-so or evangelist so-and-so, I'm still saved.
Do you see what I'm starting to tell you? But people don't look at it that way. I'm still healed.
I hope I'm helping you because I'm telling you it's the same, because the Lord said the same amount of faith as it takes to be saved is the same amount of faith it takes to be healed.
You're fully persuaded. He became poor that I might be rich, but I sow my seeds and I believe God for a harvest.
And that's what he's trying to show me is Braden is the same. I'm not moved by it.
Well, you know, I got a light bill due and my baby needs a new pair of shoes.
My God is still my provider. He'll take care of me. I believe it.
If he takes care of the lilies of the field and the sparrows of the air, he'll take care of me.
I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.
I believe he's going to take care of me. I don't care how he gets it to me.
He'll take care of me. I'm fully persuaded. It's the same all three.
It's how you believe in it and how you've been taught. Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
We take salvation easily because we've heard it so much. But there's so much resistance about prosperity and being blessed and healing.
And you go, 'Well, but Jesus took it all for you to walk in victory over it.'Or you pray a prosperity gospel.
I like it a lot better than the poverty gospel. How come you want to cling to poverty so much?
Does it make you humble? The love of money is the root of all evil, brother. You can't be blessed.
Well, I'm going to tell you, if the world can have it, it rains on the righteous, the just and the unjust.
Why can't the body of Christ have a hold of something? He said that he rebukes the devourer for your sake and he anoints your hands to prosper.
Why not? I didn't say that you couldn't have anything. He didn't say we couldn't have anything as long as it doesn't have you and you're not stupid with it.
And if he tells you to give it away, would you give it away? Well, I got a brand new Rolex.
We got it on your wrist. Well, Braden, I want you to give that to them. I don't have one.
And say, for instance, you got that brand new one on there and he says, 'I want you to give it to that man over there.'Oh, Lord, I love that watch.
I can't. Do you understand what I'm saying? Does it have you?
Yes. Here, Father. Here you go. It's a 'for instance'of what I'm trying to say.
Well, you got a brand new car. It's paid for cash. Here, Lord.
If he tells you to give it away, that's whenever you know that he can trust you with it.
But there's so many people that are hung up on things. It's a tool.
Same thing with healings and everything else. People get hung up on stuff.
And I just go, it's so simple. We believe God for it. And that's what I'm saying.
Even when my flesh doesn't line up with it, I sit there and go, 'Hey, I'm healed. Either believe it or you don't.
And either I believe I'm saved or I don't.'Even if I don't act saved for that moment, we still believe you're going to heaven if you die that moment, even after you might drop a bad word.
You're saved, brother, but you just said all kinds of things.
You were just so mean. That's sin. Well, you know, but I'm saved, brother.
I'm healed, brother. I'm delivered, brother. My mind has the mind of Christ, brother.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the word of God says.
Hallelujah. Do you believe it? I'm delivered from PTSD. I heard somebody right now is believing for that.
Do you hear me? PTSD. You're being delivered from it right now. You had tragic things happen to you.
These are tragic events and it's causing all this stuff going on with your mind.
The Lord is setting you free right now from PTSD. And it's not just only for war but other issues.
Most people think that has to do with war. No, there's post-traumatic stress disorder of all kinds of things.
Like people who go through law enforcement; you have a tragic event happening in law enforcement.
It doesn't have to just be that you went to war. Believe God, you're free from that.
God does not want you to deal with any kind of PTSD. Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord. Lord, we praise you and give you glory. Lord, we thank you, Father, for tonight.
This was quite different, wasn't it, Braden? It's still good. I got blessed off of it.
It's just interesting because it went down a really different road.
The Holy Spirit was going down that vein. I see it; it looks like one of those wicker baskets.
And there's many of you that are entangled in it. It's from your past.
And it looks like a wicker basket that is wrapped around you and you're in the center of it.
And in this there's those strands of wicker. It's twisted. And the Lord is setting you free; He wants to set you free. You're in the midst of it. And there's cobwebs.
There's like cobwebs all inside—spiderwebs that are dangling—and they're in the midst of a wicker basket from the past.
And it's wrapped around and it's twisted. But this wicker is a brown wicker.
Look up the word wicker, Braden. I hear the word twisted. It's wicker, like a wicker basket. Do you see how that's twisted, son?
It's wrapped around these people and there's cobwebs in the middle of it and they're standing in the middle of it and there's darkness over on both sides in the wicker, and you feel so trapped.
It's the same old stronghold on your life. You've been in a stronghold concerning this, and if you don't get a hold of it, it will travel onto your children.
It will try to be a stronghold that latches on generationally.
What does it mean? Do you not see it, son? I need your mother in here, but that's fine.
Say there's something demonic attached to it. Wicker. That's interesting. The Lord said, 'Don't focus on the origin.
It's what it represents behind it.'Whoever this is, it's attached to somebody in Ireland.
All I know is that you feel so desperate that you'll never get out of this.
There's depression on all sides. It feels so helpless. But the Lord is taking those chains, those bonds off of you.
He came to set the captives free. It's such a lonely place. You felt so alone for so long.
So empty and so alone. It's very interesting. Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord. Glory to you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord for your blood. Thank you, Lord for your mercy.
Thank you, Lord. Lord, we give you praise and glory for it. It's all right, son.
You don't have to look it up anymore. Don't worry about it. We'll do this later.
Let's press on. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Father. Is there anything else, Lord, tonight?
Lord, are we done? Thank you, Father. Thank you for protecting our president.
Thank you, Lord, that you deflate the wars and the rumors of wars, Father, that our kids won't be involved in it.
We know where you said it's coming, Lord. We already know where we are in the end times. And Jesus Christ is coming. Jesus Christ is coming.
And we apply the blood over our households, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We're so grateful that you have your hand on our homes. We're so grateful that we're in that place of protection.
And Father, we call forth revival in Jesus'name. A great awakening unto God. An awakening unto God.
Father, as we pray over this nation, let the church wake up and a great move of the spirit be upon us like the former and the latter rain together.
The greatest move of the spirit, and you said, 'Can these bones live?'Yes.
Yes. This generation will experience a major move of God. This generation, us, one last call.
And we believe it in the name of Jesus. Praise the Lord. Well, I believe that's it tonight. We'll pray again tomorrow.
The Lord keeps saying, 'Brandon, I want you to do this until I tell you to stop and we're going to keep going.'And I believe that the best is yet to come.
I don't know, you know, that was very different. It was praying for celebrities and a lot of things tonight.
It was very interesting. He wanted me to talk about his coming, stirring people up, getting ready for it.
If you're new here and you've never been to one of my prayer meetings, welcome.
I'm so glad you're here. I know that it's something different.
We're not the normal prayer group, but I believe Jesus has called us for such a time as this, ladies and gentlemen.
And I'm excited. We're believing for a one-million men and women prayer army.
So, if you want to stick around, please like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and be a part of our prayer group.
We're believing all around the world. We're praying for Asia, for South America, for Africa, for Australia, for the rain to come.
We call the rain to come. We call the rain to come for five inches of rain.
I've been calling it forth and we're supposed to get a major rain over the next couple of days.
So we've been stirring it up, praying it in, praying it in. Rain come in Jesus'name.
We call in the rain. We break drought over Australia, off of Africa, wherever.
And we call the rain to come in Jesus'name. Rain come from the north, the south, the east, the west.
A major harvest of rain fill our ponds, our lakes, our streams, our rivers in Jesus'name.
And we take authority over drought. Thank you, Lord, that we have authority over the rain.
And we believe, Father, that this is a time of a great outpouring in the natural and in the spiritual, right, Brandon?
A major harvest of rain in Jesus'name. And we give you praise and glory for it. Hallelujah.
So, we're excited about what God is doing here and we want you to be a part of it.
So, if you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and be a part of it.
And we're so excited you're here tonight. We love y'all. And how long have we been doing it for?
Two hours. Over two hours again. Isn't that amazing? I always know it's about two hours because it's when I feel the anointing start to release.
So, glory to God. Thank you for being a part. So, do all the things that help us with the algorithm and we'll see you again tomorrow. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.